eight o'clock and before they start
their rounds Richard and Jim a keen to
see what the overnight surveillance
tapes will reveal about Judy's mystery
injuries say on that bit where she falls
down with quite a third she saw trying
to get down and not wanting to and then
she suddenly goes for him just collapses
in a heap really and unfortunately she
does it on the side where the bedding
isn't quite a high she was gonna
say you talking a meter height they're
just dropping down and we've always
known she died arthritis she's always
sought walked stiffly and things but
would it realize I was causing the same
which problem when she actually wanted
to lay down as she tends to only do that
when there's nobody here I mean this is
something we wouldn't normally see next
we don't normally have night-vision
cameras and there's no me no man here at
night so in average you see in how
difficult it is for us to you know to
get a self in a comfortable position for
sleeping so those we know we can do
something about it the first thing is a
painkiller and anti-inflammatory
prescribed by the vet and then making
sure that her bed will provide as big
and softer landing as possible